Updated homepage (#117)
broadinstitute/warp: website/docs/index.md

---
home: true
heroText: WARP
heroImage: 
tagline: WDL Analysis Research Pipelines    
actionText: Get Started →
actionLink: /documentation/Intro
features:
  - title: Supporting your “omics” research
    details: WARP pipelines process a range of genomic, genotyping, transcriptomic and epigenomic data
  - title: Delivering production-level quality
    details: Pipelines are used for production by the Broad Genomics Platform and the Human Cell Atlas; they are scientifically validated, scalable, and cost- and cloud- optimized
  - title: Empowering reproducible science

>     details: Pipelines are versioned and open-source, allowing you to know exactly when and how your data was processed 

Reviewer: I'm not sure 'when' applies here.. could do..
 
```suggestion
    details: Pipelines are versioned and open-source, allowing you to track and share exactly how your data was processed 
```
